Update samples to 4.16 (#3734)
microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples: samples/csharp_dotnetcore/12.customQABot/README.md

﻿# Custom Question Answering

Bot Framework v4 Custom question answering bot sample.

> This bot has been created using [Bot Framework][BF], it shows how to create a bot that uses the [Custom question answering feature in Language Service][Quickstart].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot has been created using the [Bot Framework SDK][BF], it shows how to create a bot that uses [Cognitive Services' question answering feature][Quickstart].
```

> The [Custom question answering feature in Language Service][LS] enables you to build, train and publish a simple question and answer bot based on FAQ URLs, structured and unstructured documents or editorial content in minutes. In this sample, we demonstrate how to use the Custom question answering feature in Language Service to answer questions based on a FAQ text file used as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Question answering][LS] lets you to build, train and publish a simple question and answer bot based on FAQ URLs, structured and unstructured documents, or editorial content in minutes. In this sample, we demonstrate how to use question answering to answer questions based on an FAQ text file used as input.
```

## Prerequisites

> - This project requires a [Language resource](https://aka.ms/create-language-resource) with Custom question answering enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This project requires a [Language service resource](https://aka.ms/create-language-resource) with Custom question answering enabled.
```

### Configure knowledge base of the project

> - Follow instructions [here][Quickstart] to create a Custom question answering project. You will need this project's name to be used as `ProjectName` in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See the [quickstart][Quickstart] to create a Custom question answering project. You will need this project's name to be used as `ProjectName` in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).
```

- Visit [Language Studio][LS] and open created project.
- Go to `Edit knowledge base` -> Click on `...` -> Click on `Import questions and answers` -> Click on `Import as TSV`.
- Import [SampleForCQA.tsv](CognitiveModels/SampleForCQA.tsv) file.
- You can test your knowledge base by clicking on `Test` option.
- Go to `Deploy knowledge base` and click on `Deploy`.

### Connect your bot to the project.
Follow these steps to update [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).
- In the [Azure Portal][Azure], go to your resource.
- Go to `Keys and Endpoint` under Resource Management.

> - Copy one of the keys as value of `LanguageEndpointKey` and Endpoint as value of `LanguageEndpointHostName` in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Copy and paste the following values into their respective variables in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json):
     - One of the keys: `LanguageEndpointKey` 
     - Endpoint: `LanguageEndpointHostName`
```

- `ProjectName` is the name of the project created in [Language Studio][LS].

> ## To try this sample

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Try this sample
```

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.14.0 or greater from [here][BFE]
- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- In a terminal, navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/12.customQABot`

> - Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run the bot, either from a terminal or from Visual Studio, using the appropriate steps below:
```

>   A) From a terminal

Reviewer 2: Lines 39-56 should be indented appropriately to render as sub-points of Line 37.

Author: Hi, I checked and the lines seem to be rendered fine in github:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12264946/165850034-9f4f4a08-9759-4291-a5e8-043738684a46.png)

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/12.customQABot` folder
  - Select `CustomQABot.csproj` file
  - Press `F5` to run the project
- Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

>   1) Launch Bot Framework Emulator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Launch Bot Framework Emulator
```

>   2) File -> Open Bot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. File -> Open Bot
```

>   3) Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  3. Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`
```

## Try precise answering
- Try the following utterances:

>   1) Accessibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Accessibility
```

>   2) Register

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Register
```

> - You will notice a short answer returned along with a long answer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You should see a short answer returned, along with a long answer.
```

> - If testing in [Language Studio][LS], you might have to check `Include short answer response` at the top.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you're testing in [Language Studio][LS], you might have to check `Include short answer response` at the top.
```

- You can disable precise answering by setting `EnablePreciseAnswer` to false in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).

> - You can set `DisplayPreciseAnswerOnly` to true in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json) to display just precise answers in the response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To only see precise answers in the response, set `DisplayPreciseAnswerOnly` to true in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).
```

> - Learn more about [precise answering][PA].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To learn more, see [precise answering][PA].
```

## Deploy the bot to Azure
See [Deploy your C# bot to Azure][50] for instructions.

The deployment process assumes you have an account on Microsoft Azure and are able to log into the [Microsoft Azure Portal][Azure].

If you are new to Microsoft Azure, please refer to [Getting started with Azure][70] for guidance on how to get started on Azure.

## Further reading

> - [How bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
> - [Question Answering Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/overview)
> - [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
> 
> [50]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-deploy-azure?view=azure-bot-service-4.0
> [70]: https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/
> 
> [LS]: https://language.cognitive.azure.com/
> [PA]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/concepts/precise-answering
> [BF]: https://dev.botframework.com/
> [Quickstart]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/quickstart/sdk
> [Azure]: https://portal.azure.com
> [BFE]: https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics)
- [Question Answering Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/overview)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts)

[50]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-deploy-azure
[70]: https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/

[LS]: https://language.cognitive.azure.com/
[PA]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/concepts/precise-answering
[BF]: https://dev.botframework.com/
[Quickstart]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/quickstart/sdk
[Azure]: https://portal.azure.com
[BFE]: https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases
```
